Now that the connection is established between Cloud9 and
CodeCommit repository, we need to clone the repository and make
the changes. Let's see the steps involved in making changes to the
CodeCommit repository from Cloud9.
Once we've successfully cloned the repository,
it's advisable not to make any changes directly in the master branch.
We'll be creating a separate branch named develop, make code
changes, commit the changes, push the changes, create a pull
request, and merge the change back to the master.
I just logged back in to my Cloud9 environment. I'm using git clone to
clone the Globomantics repository that we created before. You can see a new
directory named Globomantics has been created.
Let me switch to this directory, and you can see the branch name is
master, and it has one file named file1.txt. Before making changes, let's
create a separate branch named develop and check out this branch. Let's
run a git status and make sure that we're currently getting the files
under develop branch. Open file1.txt, perform some changes, and save and
exit. Let me run git status again, and it shows the uncommitted changes
to file1.txt. Let's use git add to add the changes to the local branch.
Git commit commits the changes to the local branch with a brief
discussion. To provide a name and the email address to the commit user,
you can use a git config and add these settings.
Now that the changes are committed,
let's push the changes from our local branch to the remote develop branch.
Let me log in back to CodeCommit repository, click on
Globomantics, click on file1.txt.
You can see that the master branch code has no changes.
Let's switch to develop branch, and you can see that the develop
branch has the changes that we performed in our Cloud9
environment. In order to merge the changes,
let's create a pull request.
Give the pull request a title, and click on Create pull request.
Click on Commit, and you can see the commit that we performed a few minutes back.
Since there are no merge conflicts,
click on the Merge button, choose a merge strategy, and click on
Merge pull request. Click on Code, file1.txt.
Now you can see the changes that we performed in the develop branch
have been successfully merged to master branch.
Let's quickly recap what we learned so far.
We saw the features and benefits that are offered by AWS Cloud9.
We saw the policies that are needed by a specific user in order to
create an environment in AWS Cloud9.
Later,
you saw the various settings and how to share an environment with other users
so that you can collaborate with other users by providing them either
read‑only or read‑write access to your environment.
Then we explored how to integrate CodeCommit on
Cloud9 and cloned the repository,
created a branch, performed changes, pushed the change, and merged the changes back to the master branch.